# FYPProjectHealthyHelper

To run the application, first unzip the folder then open the folder within Android studio. Android Studio should be able to identify via the Green Android logo within the file explorer Once it has been loaded then the app can be run.

The best way to run the application is on a connected physical Android device such as a phone or tablet, to do this connect your device to the computer with the application on it via a USB cable and enable USB debugging within developer settings (These settings can be accessed by navigating to about device section then continually tapping the build number until a message displays you are now a developer, additional messages will appear telling you how many times are left to press before the options are enabled). Note some devices may require you to enable an additional setting within developer options to be able to install/run the application. If this is done correctly the phone name will appear just to the left of the green “run app” triangle up in the top right. Press this triangle to run the app on your device.

However, if you do not have a physical Android device, then a virtual device will need to be created. By entering device manager and pressing create device, a virtual device can be created. The application should work fine with most of the options available, the options I used include the 8” fold out, Galaxy Nexus,  Nexus 5X,  Pixel 3, Pixel 6, and Pixel 6 pro, I used API 33 due to it being the most recent on these devices (I did not get time to test older API's). It is not a perfect solution however as there is some black flickering on these devices occasionally which I encountered on both on my laptop and desktop, however I was able to mostly negate this by replacing hw.gpu.mode = auto with hw.gpu.mode = guest in my virtual devices config.ini folder which I found at C:\Users\USERNAME\.android\avd. Once the device is created press the green “run app” triangle up in the top right to run the app.
